#summary This is the complete options list for the specific sqlite2mysql module. It is ordered by requirements in the command-line.
#labels a


= Details =

Required parameters:

-f | --file:   sqlite database file
-s | --server: MySQL server's name. 
-d | --dbname: MySQL database name

Use only one of the two following options: 

-t | --test  : Launches a simulation of the program and prints the       modified dump in stdout

-e | --execute: Execute the program using all the parameters given and transfers the sqlite database into the given void MySQL database. 


Optional parameters:

-s | --server  : Name of the distant MySQL server. If the server is local the program automatically uses the my.ini configuration. 
-u | --user    : MySQL user name. Only rquired if the my.ini file is not configured or the server is distant.
-p | --password: MySQL password. Only rquired if the my.ini file is not configured or the server is distant.
-l | --sqlite  :  Sqlite executable's name.  
-m | --mysql   : MySQL client's path.

-o | --output  : "Set the output filename. Default is random name in system temp directory"

-c | --encoding: Encoding of the MySQL database. Defaults to "UTF-8"
-b | --debug   : Use this option if you want the result of all methods used in the program. 
-v | --verbose : Use this option if you just want to see where the program fails. 
-i | --ignore  : Use this if you want to ignore one or more tables in the Sqlite dump. You can ignore as mmany as 5 tables. If you want to be able to ignore more than 5 tables go to line 256 in sqlite2mysql.py and  add table parameters separated by a ";". 